Examination is a very important activity in modern society, whenever you apply a school or a job. 'Pen and Paper' Examinations are mostly used to test the ability of candidates. Although this method could reflect some feature of the candidates, I still disagree the 'Pen and Paper' Examinations is the unique way to measure intelligence.



Teachers usually acts a very important role during the whole study of a child who spend most time in school, they not only teach knowledge, also how child treat others. So I totally agree with this oppinion, tearchers really have more effacts than parents.

authentic expression 地道的表达

Sedentary lifestyle 久坐不动的生活方式

fit in 适应



If it had not been for the enactment of the policy by government, teens would have gone astray.

It is local history that is more important than world history for school students to learn. 



To solve this prooblem, measures taken by the governments should be prioritized. 



Apart from imposing penalties in the teens. It is also essential for their parents to be punished as well. So that the parents may pay more attention to their child's behavior, thereby noticing the misconducts of the young beforehand.



We all konw that parents are largely to blame for many crimes their children commit, which could have been prevented with better parenting skills. Many parents focus on there work and business, thay are lack on communication each other, so their children may suffer form some inreversiable psychology problem which may cause the prejudice to society, and may jeopardize others daily around them. The poor parenting skills, indeed, may eventually lead to antisocial crimes, thile improved parenting skills will certainly be helpful. 



clothing  can really reflect the personality. But i think i will depends on gender. for males, they usually won't car about fashions, they dressed ordinary such as a dark shirt, blue jeans and sports shoes. And for females, they usually fill their wardrobe with the current,  exquisite make ups joint fashion clothing shows the exclusive charm for females





firend haven't contact for a long time

take libiery grass,  pick him up jepness stutend clothing.

matain a very close ship,  to dinner or to study together marry her,  intellect extingur this idea  

last time i saw her, 

Keep this in a private folder,  and it helps me remid of the illustrious years



The other half of the success story in sports is closely associated with the right mental attitude. This means that the players are able to face setbacks and adversities accuratly. In a match, thet may be trailing in scores by opponents and facing  unfavourable circumstances, so that they could adjuest their mental attitude as soon as possible. In this way, it is not unimaginable to achieve favourable outcome

